Fix dequeueing of qml.apply-ed ops (#8078)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Bug fixes 🐛</h3>

> * Operators queued with qml.apply no longer get dequeued by subsequent dequeuing operations
>   (e.g. qml.adjoint).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Operators queued with :func:`pennylane.apply` no longer get dequeued by subsequent dequeuing operations
  (e.g. :func:`pennylane.adjoint`).
```
